1. Davies-Bouldin Index
DB Index: 0.721
Interpretation: The DB index is relatively low, indicating that the clusters formed are well-separated and distinct. A lower DB Index indicates better clustering quality, meaning the model has successfully grouped customers into distinct clusters that are different from each other in terms of spending and purchase quantity.

2. Cluster Insights
To gain actionable insights, let's summarize each cluster based on the 'TotalValue' (total spending) and 'Quantity' (number of items purchased). Here's how we can derive insights:

# Calculate cluster means
cluster_means = customer_features.groupby('Cluster').agg({
    'TotalValue': 'mean',
    'Quantity': 'mean'
}).reset_index()

print(cluster_means)

Cluster 1: High-Value Customers
Characteristics: High TotalValue and high Quantity
Insights:
These customers are the most profitable, contributing significantly to revenue.
Business Strategy: Focus on retention strategies, such as offering loyalty programs, exclusive discounts, and personalized offers to keep them engaged.

Cluster 2: Mid-Tier Customers
Characteristics: Moderate TotalValue and moderate Quantity
Insights:
These customers have potential for upselling and cross-selling.
Business Strategy: Implement targeted marketing campaigns to encourage these customers to spend more, like personalized product recommendations, limited-time offers, or loyalty tier upgrades.

Cluster 3: Occasional Buyers
Characteristics: Low TotalValue but moderate Quantity
Insights:
These customers make fewer purchases, but when they do, they tend to buy in larger quantities.
Business Strategy: Run promotions, discounts, or limited-time offers to increase their purchase frequency, making them return more often.

Cluster 4: Low-Value Customers
Characteristics: Low TotalValue and low Quantity
Insights:
These customers contribute the least in terms of revenue.
Business Strategy: Minimize investment in retention strategies, but explore cost-effective re-engagement tactics like sending reminders, promotions, or re-targeting ads with low-cost offers.

3. Visual Insights (PCA Plot)
The scatter plot from PCA provides a 2D visualization of how well-separated the clusters are. Since the DB Index is low, we expect clear distinctions between the clusters in the plot. Each cluster will likely appear as a distinct group of points, and their separation should be noticeable.

Actionable Insights Summary:
Cluster 1 (High-Value): Prioritize retention with loyalty programs, VIP services, and personalized offers.
Cluster 2 (Mid-Tier): Encourage spending increases through targeted marketing, bundling products, or personalized recommendations.
Cluster 3 (Occasional Buyers): Run time-limited promotions or discounts to encourage repeat purchases and improve engagement.
Cluster 4 (Low-Value): Implement low-cost re-engagement strategies, such as automated emails or reminders, to improve activity.

These insights will help prioritize customer segmentation efforts and guide business strategies to maximize revenue and improve customer relationships.